As a Data Steward, you manage data access policies to determine under what conditions Data Access Management processes them.

The following list describes guidelines for applying each type of policy:

* You do not need to determine the order of data access control policies because they are cumulative. If a policy grants a user group read access to a given table, and another policy grants that user group write access to the same table, the user group will have read and write access to that table.
* You do not need to determine the order of data filter policies because they are cumulative. For each policy that applies in a given context, Data Access Management increasingly restricts access to the data by filtering the rows returned. Data Access Management processes all data filter policies simultaneously, and within each policy, Data Access Management processes all data filter rules simultaneously. If multiple data filter rules match the context, Data Access Management applies all those rules.
* You need to determine the order of data de-identification policies. You place each data de-identification policy in a precedence tier. Data Access Management processes precedence tiers based on rank from lowest integer to highest. Within each precedence tier, Data Access Management processes data de-identification policies from top to bottom. Within each data de-identification policy, Data Access Management processes data de-identification rules from top to bottom. If multiple data de-identification rules match the set of conditions for a given request, Data Access Management executes the first rule in order, applies data protections to any relevant fields based on data element classifications, and then prevents any other rules from executing on the same field.

The following diagram shows the data de-identification policy evaluation process:

![The diagram shows the process by which Data Access Management processes data de-identification policies. The workflow starts at the top left of the screen. It shows Data Access Management processing a precedence tier labeled "Precedence Tier 1." Inside the precedence tier is a policy labeled "Policy 1." It first determines whether there is a policy condition. If there is, it evaluates that condition. Since that condition applies, it evaluates the rule condition. If that condition applies, it applies the data protection to the data associated with that data class. If there are more data classes, the process repeats until there are either no more data classes to evaluate or no conditions that apply. Data Access Management applies the default data protection to any remaining data classes.](https://onlinehelp.informatica.com/iics/prod/dgc/en/ae-data-accessmanagement/images/GUID-76E41DB6-B59E-4250-9D4C-4697D919FECA-low.png)
